hey guys its mystery hockey here and
today I'm going to be reviewing my new
goalie skates these are CCM vector 0 for
goalie skates which I got from the
hockey experts
to start off these scoops look very cool
they're all black in the boot and cowing
which look amazing what I really like
about this gate is it's really light it
looks amazing and it's very soft so
there's no worry about breaking them in
Gosa feature a high tendon protector
which is but good for balance and
protection
to start off with a blade CCM is using
their proformance blade which is a
carbon steel runner and what what's a
good thing about these gates is after
the blade gets very thin you can swap it
out with another blade and now on to the
cowling it's all black which is cool
you're using a textured plastic here in
the inside which helps goalies push off
the ice and it's really good I've found
it makes a big difference in my game on
the outside they're more texture prox
plastic for more protection and
durability CCM is using their comfort
felt tongue which is very comfortable
I've found and there's some extra
padding on the top if in case of any
pockmarks get in and it has good lace
bike protection so you don't your foot
doesn't hurt after the game another
great feature about the skate is cesium
is using their standard microfiber liner
which will help keep your foot more
drying in the game I found my foot
doesn't get wet after I take off my
socks so that's really cool and inside
on the footbed CCM is using the
anatomical response footbed I find it
really comfortable and it's really nice
and soft in there so your foot doesn't
hurt on the bottom of the skate CCM is
using some ventilation ports it'll
release any moisture during the game so
your foot is more dryer and it's a
really good skate I've used it twice and
so far I like the skate so that was my
review of the cesium vector 0 for skates
you can find the full review a Kishin
mystery calm and we'll see you next time